readme.md, before:

# React Bottom Drawer

This package contains a single React component that allows you to build mobile-friendly dialogs that slide from the bottom.

While it works on desktop, it is designed as a mobile interaction.

It has 100% typescript support, as it's written in typescript.

## Usage

Using it is pretty straight-forward, just import the component, and place the content as it's children.

```jsx
import React from "react";
import Drawer from "react-bottom-drawer";

function DemoDrawer() {
  const [isVisible, setIsVisible] = React.useState(false);

  const onClose = React.useCallback(() => {
    setIsVisible(false);
  }, []);

  return (
    <Drawer
      isVisible={isVisible}
      onClose={onClose}
    >
      { ... }
    </Drawer>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop           | Type       | Required? | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                               |
| -------------- | ---------- | --------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| isVisible      | `boolean`  | Required  | -             | Shows or hides the modal                                                                                                                  |
| onClose        | `function` | Required  | -             | Invoked when the drawer should be close. You shoud be setting `isVisible` to false in this callback                                       |
| mountOnEnter   | `boolean`  | Optional  | `true`        | If true, the children won't be mounted until `isVisible` is true. If false, we will mount the children, and hide them via CSS.            |
| unmountOnExit  | `boolean`  | Optional  | `true`        | If true, we will unmount the children once `isVisible` goes back to `false`. If false, we won't unmount the children after mounting them. |
| duration       | `number`   | Optional  | `250`         | Duration of the enter / exit animation in ms                                                                                              |
| hideScrollbars | `boolean`  | Optional  | `false`       | If true, scrollbars won't appear even if content is scrollable                                                                            |

## Examples

Click [here](https://codesandbox.io/s/blissful-architecture-kuci5) to see some examples on codesandbox.

Commit message:

added option for custom className

readme.md, after:

# React Bottom Drawer

This package contains a single React component that allows you to build mobile-friendly dialogs that slide from the bottom.

While it works on desktop, it is designed as a mobile interaction.

It has 100% typescript support, as it's written in typescript.

## Usage

Using it is pretty straight-forward, just import the component, and place the content as it's children.

```jsx
import React from "react";
import Drawer from "react-bottom-drawer";

function DemoDrawer() {
  const [isVisible, setIsVisible] = React.useState(false);

  const onClose = React.useCallback(() => {
    setIsVisible(false);
  }, []);

  return (
    <Drawer
      isVisible={isVisible}
      onClose={onClose}
    >
      { ... }
    </Drawer>
  )
}
```

## Props

| Prop            | Type       | Required? | Default Value | Description                                                                                                                               |
| --------------- | ---------- | --------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| isVisible       | `boolean`  | Required  | -             | Shows or hides the modal                                                                                                                  |
| drawerClassName | `string`   | Optional  | -             | Use custom styles for Drawer                                                                                                              |
| onClose         | `function` | Required  | -             | Invoked when the drawer should be close. You shoud be setting `isVisible` to false in this callback                                       |
| mountOnEnter    | `boolean`  | Optional  | `true`        | If true, the children won't be mounted until `isVisible` is true. If false, we will mount the children, and hide them via CSS.            |
| unmountOnExit   | `boolean`  | Optional  | `true`        | If true, we will unmount the children once `isVisible` goes back to `false`. If false, we won't unmount the children after mounting them. |
| duration        | `number`   | Optional  | `250`         | Duration of the enter / exit animation in ms                                                                                              |
| hideScrollbars  | `boolean`  | Optional  | `false`       | If true, scrollbars won't appear even if content is scrollable                                                                            |

## Examples

Click [here](https://codesandbox.io/s/blissful-architecture-kuci5) to see some examples on codesandbox.
